## LeastSquares.py
This program creates the model by using least squares regression to create the model that predicts the core body temperature. It runs through the least suqares algorighm to create a slope and intercept. The generateModel function takes a list of (x,y) coordinates to generate the model. The output of the function is a textfile name 'model.txt' that contains the slope and the intercept. The first value of is the slope, and the next is the intercept.

## config.xml
This is the configuration file for the camera. This is requied to run the production mode.

## images2.py
This program can be used to process a CSV file and produce a mean value from it. The CSV should hold the temperature data from a thermal image.
The temperatures should be in Celsius. The program will find where the head of the person in the image begins and produce the mean of the head values.

## model.txt
This is the current model that is generated by our least squares regression line. It has two values, the first being slope and the second being the intercept.

## production.py
This is the final product of the project. It has two modes of running.
1. Creating the model
2. Taking a picture and predicting a temperature

The command to create the model is: python production.py -c [Training Data file]

This creates the model.txt file.

The command to take the picture is: python config.xml [model file]

This will run through the image analysis and output a predicted core body temperature.

## reader.py
This is just a small utility script to read data and put it in the correct format for our programs.

## trainingData.txt
This the training data that we are currently using. It a list of data with their skin temperature from the camera on the left, and their real core body temperature on the right.
